do you ever feel like you do too much
like maybe I just need to take a little
break here do you ever feel like that
I think the perception definitely
perceives reality you know what looks
like so much isn't always so much
because you have a schedule and you know
within that schedule there's the things
that mean the most that come and act is
downtime you know me in my house is
downtime even though it's still active
and I gotta be dead and I'm with the
kids and a wife in this conversation and
I'm running around I'm back for that
still exes downtime for me like I'm
shutting a work off so the phone is any
office I'm not going back to get it
until the morning and it's all
conversation it's all TV it's all Taco
Tuesdays it's couch and cuddling you
know baby time whatever that's my
downtime because I'm I've taking a step
outside of the other shit that's wise
that's that's what I think I do very
well I can step outside the other shit I
can separate it so I think when you're
able to do that then you're you're
managing your mental you're not mean
like if it's if it's always one thing
all the time that's how you fucking
drive yourself crazy cuz you never
you're never shutting it off yeah and I
think I do a good job of shutting
shutting this off and focusing on this
like when I want my family I'm with my
family nothing is nothing interjects or
comes in between that's fantastic that's
so important it's understand that's
beautiful anything shout out that's
gigantic I think I figured it out that's
it you mean you've got so much success
it's not you have to be with that
fucking phone all the time that's that
that's the phone is the big one right
well phone the phone is is the gift and
the curse mm-hmm you know I think that
we we shout out the gate and saw the
gift oh my god it's it's it's community
is connecting us we're able to share
we're able to meet new people where were
able to stay in communication with with
all people find new people as
entertainer I can engage with my fans
and this is
so dope and then after that you get hit
with the the curse and the curses
there's a there's a high level of
negativity that's out there that's on
that shit you know there's there's a lot
of people that are you know not happy or
going through things and they interject
a certain amount of negativity and
hatred through these devices these
devices are the easiest way to touch
everybody so when you're just consumed
on that shit all day you start to see
yourself being a part of the negative
shit yeah so what I've learned to do is
go I don't I don't need to see that I
don't need to see that shit I don't I
don't pay that any mind I don't read
that shit for what it's not it's not
helping me it's not making me better
it's not it's not pushing me to new
limits if anything is taken up just
creative space by me literally spending
time going and navigating through what I
think is is a bunch of bullshit you know
so I don't let the device beat me and at
one point I definitely did at one point
it was everything there was everything
else you know
now I separate it I'm not embraced clear
of it what when you realize what it is
when you see when you see the bad you
know when you see the bad side of it I
thought the other day this is some real
shit and it really made me think my
phone died my phone died and I'm driving
and I was using the fucking maps and I
said shit what the fuck am I get to with
I don't know where I'm going I said I
was like you know how did we how did we
get from point A to point B before the
map shit what were we doing that I used
to print out directions from Google Maps
I remember that but then before that how
did you get to the places where you were
going that you didn't know how to get to
don't even remember remember Thomas guys
J Robert Thomas God I did have a Thomas
guy when I first moved to LA I did have
a Thomas guy and I know a hundred
percent bill burr had one A two A three
years ago
we still use it shout out to Boober it
really fucked me up because I was like
I'll do we don't even know how how to do
the common yeah the the the norm anymore
because the device has made everything
available and I literally had to to
drive to store rocket buy a charger
charge up my phone to get back and use
the map to get to where the fuck I was
going I had no idea how to get there I
had no I didn't know no numbers by heart
I didn't know who I was gonna call oh
well this is the moment where I was like
what level of success have I reach I
just pulled over and I said dear and
also how to fuck him I won't get the
wish bear phone man I don't know what it
was a backup phone it felt like the end
of the world it felt like it was over
house like shit
and that crazy I dependent you are but
that's when the light bulb started to
click yeah it started to click like how
how do we function without I want to go
backwards a little bit yeah it's still
there I still need it I still think it's
dope with all of the things that we can
do want it but I still want to be able
to put it down and step away from it I
got my kids to be able to step away from
it that's why when I come in the house
my phone is up cuz I can't I can't bitch
and get playing it's all about being on
your phone if you see me doing the same
thing right right so that time those
conversations mean wanting to know about
your day you talking to me about your
day your friends who you like who don't
you like my daughter you what boy who
what no okay my son yeah I like somebody
who oh jesus here it comes
it's a great thing and I want to be able
to have those moments and you know I
think it's it's it's big to make sure
that you prioritize that are you worried
about what comes next hundred percent
I'm worried that something's gonna be
way more intrusive than that it'sit's
what do you mean it's already happened
yeah the biggest scare happened already
with the the the FaceTime shit that
happened where whatever whoa Apple on
the iPhones it was like people could
listen in to your
yeah if you didn't even pick up the face
time you could just listen into it yeah
and you know that was the scariest shit
ever because it's if it's that easy to
have a bug like that what's the thing
that's not a bug that's there that you
just don't know about oh there's
definitely government listen to us 100
yeah what aren't working everything
everybody says and then in case one day
you do something wrong mr. Hart we'd
like you to sit down from NYU something
hundred percent yeah so the fear is the
next level of the more intrusive you
know I think everything has become
intrusive now like the toughest thing
for me is that there is no there is no
privacy outside my home right you know
the the amount of money that you have to
now spend just on security on you know
people to to be with me security to be
on my home you know it's like they're
there literally is no privacy and it's
not a bit you complain about it because
without the fans without the people that
support me I wouldn't be where I am but
there's no middle ground right you know
there is no handshakes anymore it's it's
how you doing
right right right you know a handshake
is so much better right I get a moment
like I'm we can talk if that's what you
not on all y'all would say now it's kind
of weird cuz you you're doing this to me
it's kind of weird to have a
conversation so you're just starting to
see yourself become a little older and
wiser and just really see the times for
what they are and see the direction that
we're going in this people and just hope
and pray that we find a middle ground
because I think right now that is it one
yeah that's what I'm feeling now no I
feel it too
and I especially I mean what you're
talking about is you being super famous
and losing all your privacy but
everyone's losing their privacy
yes lowly but surely it's it's happening
to you because you're very famous and
because you do something that's in the
public eye and people want to see you
and they want to stick that camera in
front of you but there's gonna come a
point in time where what we're dealing
with now which is like you have to turn
your phone on you have to you know you
have to reach out to somebody you have
to put some
that's that steps gonna be out of the
way and there's gonna be people being
able to access your life yeah pretty
sure you know you know the bad here's
what I said it's bad that really fucks
with me I don't like that negativity is
the the want you know like like the the
thing that's popular is the failure the
the fuck up you know the the fight that
I can catch you know the hateful moment
that I can catch and post like the bad
is being highlighted and celebrated
that's what fucks with me what the
social media shit now what what really
bothers me is you know when you see
these things online like you know a
fight and there's a man hitting a woman
and this captured right that's bad the
bad thing is that you watched that the
the video was more important than the
actual help right or the moment to step
in and you know when you see these
things where you're catching people do
these things to kids and it's caught the
moment of what you got and what you want
to post and get likes or whatever on is
the focus instead of the help yeah and
and that's that's the part that is just
I just have a hard time processing I
have a hard time processing what the
likes mean to certain people well you
get an extraordinary amount of attention
so it doesn't mean anything to you
anyway it means something to a regular
person but you a regular person
if they can catch some worldstar video
and put it up there like dude that's my
video that's my video look my video got
5 million hits yeah my video is gone
viral my videos everywhere for them it's
like the point of excitement that's why
when they see you look oh shit how often
they're gonna run into Kevin Hart at you
know Costco or wherever the fuck you
were definitely running right it to me
on a you know I'm in a I'm in a bathroom
restaurant and I go to the bathroom you
know by the way that I went to the
bathroom you could definitely tell I had
to
I was I was moving fast I was he knows
one of those abrupt you know why you're
eating yeah I'm eating bad so I didn't
eat bad in a while my stomach
immediately said that's not gonna happen
today I get up and I go and literally
like like three seconds I hear it as I'm
walking or they go keV heart and as I'm
walking by a guy gets up follows me in
the bathroom he's like yo I gotta get a
picture man and I said let me let me go
to the bathroom and I'm done I'll take a
picture with you I go to the bathroom
this is a true story
Henry Bible hand on the Bible I assume
the guys outside the bathroom cuz I as
I'm going I seem and I say what I say I
get done I go to the snake wash my hand
he was just sitting behind a wall and
he's like got his phone out I'm like he
probably did he just take me while I was
shitting put the phone over the thing
like I'm about to be on oh my god it's
over this is it this is my nightmare
here we go they're about to put
something up of me shittin is the bottom
of my feet it's whatever yeah but he
just waited and in that moment was so it
was so important that he was in the
bathroom and and soon as I got it come
on let's taking I said let's go outside
the bathroom yeah let's take a picture
it's a bathroom I said might I'm not
going to I'm a nice guy man I'm gonna
take the picture cuz I just don't want
to lose you
and I'm like there's not even a thought
there's not even a thought about it's a
bath right how weird is that Sebastian
this is this is a pretty fucking weird
moment man this is weird knowing you
will finish it now know what you got on
your phone right you're too big for me
to ask to go through your phone whatever
you got you got but I had to go out and
take the picture and I remember going
back to the table just like what's
happening that's strange
at this point what is happening yeah
that didn't exist before I think if you
were famous before people just wanted to
get an autograph or shake your hand what
Pat what passed the autograph stage was
a lot of time you get an autograph it's
been a while
Wow I don't think I write it I was I
think I would know what to put that it's
been a minute man yeah and I don't know
I want to make this very clear you know
he's not planing I don't I don't know
you know I understand like once again I
want people to more importantly
understand the fact that I welcome it
yeah I welcome the moment that I can
talk in and converse with the fan but it
should be that like it's more more yes
the moments are better when they're real
you know and after a real moment you you
get a picture because you're like yo he
was actually a nice guy or I I know I
did it that you would be this calm and
cool you don't even get to see how
genuine of a person I am because the
first thing you do you you you stick the
camera in the face you and that's when
people think that you're an asshole
because they they they they have the
intrusive moment that then gets met with
it can you keep please I'm sorry you
don't have to look at my face they're
gonna be like that wait oh they look for
that turn on you cuz now you get your
moment yeah you look for the negative
moment when did she start getting weird
for you look how many years in um I know
it's been it's been pretty crazy
they've done pretty crazy for like the
last four to five the last four to five
years and the last three you know if
it's gotten insane because now you know
you're you're an international level its
global and the following is is bigger
and it's all ages which is which is
really really good but I think you know
for comedians it's a different thing
because you feel like you know comedians
you know you're laughing we're in your
homes
everything is met with warmth so when
you see a comedian especially if you're
a fan of a comedian you're associating
everything with funny and you're just
looking for the funny moment right
you're you're looking past the normal
moment you know it's like you almost are
frowned upon if you're normal if you
just chill right right right because
everybody wants the funny moment right
they thought you were gonna be funny
like I'm supposed to I suppose a pop
lock
right on the fight you know yeah if it's
2:00 in the morning and you run into me
and I say hey how you doing man that's
not enough